Update create-deploy-exploit-guard-policy.md (#2107)
MicrosoftDocs/memdocs: memdocs/configmgr/protect/deploy-use/create-deploy-exploit-guard-policy.md

## Prerequisites

> Managed devices must run Windows 10 1709 or later; the minimum Windows Server build is version is 1809 or later.satisfy the following requirements depending on the components and rules configured:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Managed devices must run Windows 10 1709 or later; the minimum Windows Server build is version 1809 or later. The following requirements must also be satisfied, depending on the components and rules configured:
```
